Hey, hey, no, you're going to kill me again
Big brother is me, Qiangzi
Qiangqiang, didn't you run away?
No.
It's that stinky bitch Chen Xuyao who wants to hurt me
Oh, I ran out.
And I also saw him and the man in black
What kind of deal did you make?
Are you going to kill you?
Man in black, don't think I don't hit women
I told you he was sowing discord.
I didn't say yes at all
The man in black pretended to agree
And escaped with this dog man
Hey, man in black, did you ask him where my dad is?
I don't know.
I was running for my life.
Hey, big brother, get away from this stinky bitch
Maybe with the man in black
What else is there to contact?
I was about to kill you
Long-term meal tickets and one-shot deals
I can still tell the difference
Chen Xu, if you know where the man in black is
Be sure to tell me
So what's in it for me?
I'll take care of you
It's not that my ex-girlfriend finally chased her sister-in-law
Today's task was humiliated by 10 people
What kind of broken task is the reward now?
The only company owner is humiliating
Brother, what did you say?
Who humiliated you?
I'm going to fuck him
You can be tied up by him
What else can you do?